README.md, before:

# What's Upcoming in Birmingham

## Music

### Saturn

[June 07 2024] MILK & HONEY - PRIDE (Show: 9:00PM, Doors: 8:00PM)

[June 08 2024] SATURN SUMMER MARKET (Show: 12:00PM)

[June 08 2024] LOUD & PROUD: The Official Pride Parade After Party (Show: 10:30PM, Doors: 9:00PM)

[June 09 2024] Black Joe Lewis & The Honeybears (Show: 8:00PM, Doors: 7:00PM)

[June 11 2024] Pink Flamingos (Show: 8:00PM)

[June 12 2024] Mdou Moctar with Bat Fangs (Show: 8:00PM, Doors: 7:00PM)

[June 13 2024] Lamont Landers with Katie Shecter (Show: 8:00PM, Doors: 7:00PM)

[June 14 2024] Steel City Men’s Chorus NO FILTER (Show: 7:30PM, Doors: 6:30PM)

### Iron City

[JUN 14] GWAR

[JUN 15] DRIVE-BY TRUCKERS

[JUN 16] ALLEN STONE

[JUN 30] JENNY LEWIS

[JUL 25] THE BROKEN HEARTS – TOM PETTY TRIBUTE

[JUL 26] JACQUEES

[AUG 9] ELECTRIC AVENUE

### Avondale

[JUN 7] Happy Landing w/ Zion Goins - The Upstairs at Avondale (Doors @ 7:00 PM CST // Show @ 8:00 PM CST)

[JUN 8] The Molly Ringwalds (Doors 7:00 PM / Show 8:00 PM)

[JUN 13] Summer Movie Night (6:00 PM - 10:00 PM)

[JUN 18] The Howdies / Spencer Thomas (of Futurebirds) / Kyle Kimbrell - The Upstairs at Avondale (Doors @ 6:30 PM CST // Show @ 7:30 PM CST)

[JUN 20] Summer Movie Night (6:00 PM - 10:00 PM)

[JUN 25] Never Come Down - The Upstairs at Avondale (Doors @ 6:00 PM CST // Show @ 7:00 PM CST)

[JUN 27] Summer Movie Night (6:00 PM - 10:00 PM)

### Workplay

[Saturday, Jun 08] Penny Circus, Grand Champ, Bicycle Day, Cinema Now

[Friday, Jun 14] Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young

[Thursday, Jun 20] Re-Groove-Enation

[Friday, Jun 21] Gloom Girl MFG

[Saturday, Jun 22] Smokeshow Rodeo

[Friday, Jun 28] Anything But Ordinary Fest

[Saturday, Jun 29] Reggaetonlandia}

### The Nick

[Fri, 6/7] 40 Years of The Nick! Early Show 7pm! with Clay Connor & Kyle Kimbrell (Doors: 7:00 pm; $7 ADV)

[Fri, 6/7] 40 Years of The Nick Celebration! Night 1! With Shaheed & DJ Supreme & Tomorrow's Old Trio (Doors: 9:30 pm; $7 ADV - $10 DOS)

[Sat, 6/8] Alma Russ!!! Free Show 5pm to 7pm! 40 Years of The Nick Daytime Show! (Doors: 4:00 pm; Free)

[Sat, 6/8] 40 Years of The Nick Rocks Celebration with P.O.T.I.S., Blood Moon Riot, Shadows of the Wind & Oxmoor! Night 2! (Doors: 9:00 pm; $7 ADV - $10 DOS)

[Sun, 6/9] 40 Years of The Nick- Burlesque Open Stage Night at The Nick with Bella Donna & Patsy Fine (Doors: 8:00 pm; $10 ADV)

[Mon, 6/10] Birmingham Bandstand (Open Mic) with Special Guest Temple Monarc (Doors: 7:00 pm; $3.00)

[Tue, 6/11] Birmingham Songwriter’s Round with Host Susannah Seales (Doors: 8:00 pm; $7 ADV -)}

## City

### Botanical Gardens

[Friday, June 7] Storytime at the Gardens (10:00 am - 11:00 am Event Series; _Join us each week with your preschooler for a story followed by a nature activity at the Gardens!_)

[Monday, June 10] Around the World (Morning Camp) (9:00 am - 12:00 pm; _Join us for this week long summer camp!_)

[Tuesday, June 11] Nature Trivia Night (7:00 pm - 9:00 pm; _Test your knowledge of Alabama’s flora and fauna with naturalist Henry Hershey. Enjoy complimentary drinks and compete for a chance to win a captivating prize!_)

[Wednesday, June 12] Creating a Backyard Wildlife Habitat (9:00 am - 10:30 am; _Learn about how Master Gardener Peggy Thompson created a certified backyard wildlife habitat at her home. Gain insights into the essential considerations for planning and nurturing a thriving ecosystem in your own backyard. Join Peggy and Friends’ horticulturist Keith Turney for an inspiring walk through the Kaul Wildflower Garden's new “living bird feeder.”_)

[Friday, June 14] The Four Elements of Japanese Garden Design (9:00 am - 10:00 am; _Immerse yourself in the serenity of the Japanese Garden with Friends’ horticulturist Julia Adams. Delve into the four fundamental elements of Japanese Garden design (plants, rock, water, and ornament) while surrounded by the beauty of nature in this outdoor class._)

[Friday, June 14] Storytime at the Gardens (10:00 am - 11:00 am Event Series; _Join us each week with your preschooler for a story followed by a nature activity at the Gardens!_)

[Saturday, June 15] Annual Hardy Fern Sale (10:00 am - 2:00 pm; _The Birmingham Fern Society will hold its annual sale of hardy ferns in the growing area above the Fern Glade in Birmingham Botanical Gardens._)

### The Zoo

[June 8] Zoo Brews (6:00 pm - 9:00 pm; _Experience more than 20 breweries from all over Alabama and the southeast while you travel through the Zoo! Perfect for adults 21 and up, this event is a signature favorite! Attendees will delight in tasty selections from local food truck vendors. Come sample tastings from Abita,..._}

[June 15] Pancakes and Princesses (8:30 am - 2:00 pm; _Hear ye, hear ye – Princes and Princesses! Join your Birmingham Zoo for an enchanted day with our magical court of characters during the Royal Pancakes and Princesses Breakfast! Taking place on Saturday, June 15 on the Balcony and Terraces of the Zoo's Administration Building. Fi..._}

[July 11 - July 23] Journey to Ecuador and the Islands of the Galapagos (undefined*Explore and Experience Ecuador and the Islands of the Galapagos with your Birmingham Zoo! Join President and CEO, Chris Pfefferkorn, on a classic journey to the Galapagos July 11 - 23, 2024! For more information, email Blang@birminghamzoo.com Download FULL BROCHURE HERE Download ...*}

[September 13] Zoo Gala Safari Soiree (undefined*Mark your calendars for Zoo Gala 2024, an unforgettable evening filled with elegance, entertainment, exceptional cuisine, and majestic animals at your Birmingham Zoo. This year's Zoo Gala is black tie optional and will be a true Safari Soiree on Friday, September 13, 2024. Zoo Ga...*}

## Sports

### Barons

[AWAY] Birmingham Barons @ Tennessee Smokies (6/7/2024 at 6 PM)

[AWAY] Birmingham Barons @ Tennessee Smokies (6/8/2024 at 6 PM)

[AWAY] Birmingham Barons @ Tennessee Smokies (6/9/2024 at 1 PM)

[**HOME**] Pensacola Blue Wahoos @ Birmingham Barons (6/11/2024 at 6 PM)

[**HOME**] Pensacola Blue Wahoos @ Birmingham Barons (6/12/2024 at 11 AM)

[**HOME**] Pensacola Blue Wahoos @ Birmingham Barons (6/13/2024 at 7 PM)

[**HOME**] Pensacola Blue Wahoos @ Birmingham Barons (6/14/2024 at 7 PM)

### Legion

[**HOME**] Legion vs Indy Eleven (Sunday, June 9 @6:00 p.m. CT) [*Special Theme: Superhero Night*]

[**HOME**] Legion vs San Antonio FC (Wednesday, June 19 @7:00 p.m. CT) [*Special Theme: Juneteenth*]

[AWAY] Legion at Detroit City FC (Wednesday, June 26 @6:00 p.m. CT)

[**HOME**] Legion vs Louisville City FC (Saturday, June 29 @6:30 p.m. CT)

[AWAY] Legion at Charleston Battery (Friday, July 5 @6:30 p.m. CT)

---

Data last scraped 6/7/2024, 3:30:50 PM. If I'm broken, ping /u/NotFlameRetardant and tell him he's a bad bot dad.

Commit message:

Finalized sports for now, and to soon be finished with the addition of the museum

README.md, after:

# What's Upcoming in Birmingham

## Music

### Saturn

[June 07 2024] MILK & HONEY - PRIDE (Show: 9:00PM, Doors: 8:00PM)

[June 08 2024] SATURN SUMMER MARKET (Show: 12:00PM)

[June 08 2024] LOUD & PROUD: The Official Pride Parade After Party (Show: 10:30PM, Doors: 9:00PM)

[June 09 2024] Black Joe Lewis & The Honeybears (Show: 8:00PM, Doors: 7:00PM)

[June 11 2024] Pink Flamingos (Show: 8:00PM)

[June 12 2024] Mdou Moctar with Bat Fangs (Show: 8:00PM, Doors: 7:00PM)

[June 13 2024] Lamont Landers with Katie Shecter (Show: 8:00PM, Doors: 7:00PM)

[June 14 2024] Steel City Men’s Chorus NO FILTER (Show: 7:30PM, Doors: 6:30PM)

### Iron City

[JUN 14] GWAR

[JUN 15] DRIVE-BY TRUCKERS

[JUN 16] ALLEN STONE

[JUN 30] JENNY LEWIS

[JUL 25] THE BROKEN HEARTS – TOM PETTY TRIBUTE

[JUL 26] JACQUEES

[AUG 9] ELECTRIC AVENUE

### Avondale

[JUN 7] Happy Landing w/ Zion Goins - The Upstairs at Avondale (Doors @ 7:00 PM CST // Show @ 8:00 PM CST)

[JUN 8] The Molly Ringwalds (Doors 7:00 PM / Show 8:00 PM)

[JUN 13] Summer Movie Night (6:00 PM - 10:00 PM)

[JUN 18] The Howdies / Spencer Thomas (of Futurebirds) / Kyle Kimbrell - The Upstairs at Avondale (Doors @ 6:30 PM CST // Show @ 7:30 PM CST)

[JUN 20] Summer Movie Night (6:00 PM - 10:00 PM)

[JUN 25] Never Come Down - The Upstairs at Avondale (Doors @ 6:00 PM CST // Show @ 7:00 PM CST)

[JUN 27] Summer Movie Night (6:00 PM - 10:00 PM)

### Workplay

[Saturday, Jun 08] Penny Circus, Grand Champ, Bicycle Day, Cinema Now

[Friday, Jun 14] Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young

[Thursday, Jun 20] Re-Groove-Enation

[Friday, Jun 21] Gloom Girl MFG

[Saturday, Jun 22] Smokeshow Rodeo

[Friday, Jun 28] Anything But Ordinary Fest

[Saturday, Jun 29] Reggaetonlandia}

### The Nick

[Fri, 6/7] 40 Years of The Nick! Early Show 7pm! with Clay Connor & Kyle Kimbrell (Doors: 7:00 pm; $7 ADV)

[Fri, 6/7] 40 Years of The Nick Celebration! Night 1! With Shaheed & DJ Supreme & Tomorrow's Old Trio (Doors: 9:30 pm; $7 ADV - $10 DOS)

[Sat, 6/8] Alma Russ!!! Free Show 5pm to 7pm! 40 Years of The Nick Daytime Show! (Doors: 4:00 pm; Free)

[Sat, 6/8] 40 Years of The Nick Rocks Celebration with P.O.T.I.S., Blood Moon Riot, Shadows of the Wind & Oxmoor! Night 2! (Doors: 9:00 pm; $7 ADV - $10 DOS)

[Sun, 6/9] 40 Years of The Nick- Burlesque Open Stage Night at The Nick with Bella Donna & Patsy Fine (Doors: 8:00 pm; $10 ADV)

[Mon, 6/10] Birmingham Bandstand (Open Mic) with Special Guest Temple Monarc (Doors: 7:00 pm; $3.00)

[Tue, 6/11] Birmingham Songwriter’s Round with Host Susannah Seales (Doors: 8:00 pm; $7 ADV -)}

## City

### Botanical Gardens

[Friday, June 7] Storytime at the Gardens (10:00 am - 11:00 am Event Series; _Join us each week with your preschooler for a story followed by a nature activity at the Gardens!_)

[Monday, June 10] Around the World (Morning Camp) (9:00 am - 12:00 pm; _Join us for this week long summer camp!_)

[Tuesday, June 11] Nature Trivia Night (7:00 pm - 9:00 pm; _Test your knowledge of Alabama’s flora and fauna with naturalist Henry Hershey. Enjoy complimentary drinks and compete for a chance to win a captivating prize!_)

[Wednesday, June 12] Creating a Backyard Wildlife Habitat (9:00 am - 10:30 am; _Learn about how Master Gardener Peggy Thompson created a certified backyard wildlife habitat at her home. Gain insights into the essential considerations for planning and nurturing a thriving ecosystem in your own backyard. Join Peggy and Friends’ horticulturist Keith Turney for _)

[Friday, June 14] The Four Elements of Japanese Garden Design (9:00 am - 10:00 am; _Immerse yourself in the serenity of the Japanese Garden with Friends’ horticulturist Julia Adams. Delve into the four fundamental elements of Japanese Garden design (plants, rock, water, and ornament) while surrounded by the beauty of nature in this outdoor class._)

[Friday, June 14] Storytime at the Gardens (10:00 am - 11:00 am Event Series; _Join us each week with your preschooler for a story followed by a nature activity at the Gardens!_)

[Saturday, June 15] Annual Hardy Fern Sale (10:00 am - 2:00 pm; _The Birmingham Fern Society will hold its annual sale of hardy ferns in the growing area above the Fern Glade in Birmingham Botanical Gardens._)

### Museum of Art

### The Zoo

[June 8] Zoo Brews (6:00 pm - 9:00 pm; _Experience more than 20 breweries from all over Alabama and the southeast while you travel through the Zoo! Perfect for adults 21 and up, this event is a signature favorite! Attendees will delight in tasty selections from local food truck vendors. Come sample tastings from Abita,..._)

[June 15] Pancakes and Princesses (8:30 am - 2:00 pm; _Hear ye, hear ye – Princes and Princesses! Join your Birmingham Zoo for an enchanted day with our magical court of characters during the Royal Pancakes and Princesses Breakfast! Taking place on Saturday, June 15 on the Balcony and Terraces of the Zoo's Administration Building. Fi..._)

[July 11 - July 23] Journey to Ecuador and the Islands of the Galapagos (_Explore and Experience Ecuador and the Islands of the Galapagos with your Birmingham Zoo! Join President and CEO, Chris Pfefferkorn, on a classic journey to the Galapagos July 11 - 23, 2024! For more information, email Blang@birminghamzoo.com Download FULL BROCHURE HERE Download ..._)

[September 13] Zoo Gala Safari Soiree (_Mark your calendars for Zoo Gala 2024, an unforgettable evening filled with elegance, entertainment, exceptional cuisine, and majestic animals at your Birmingham Zoo. This year's Zoo Gala is black tie optional and will be a true Safari Soiree on Friday, September 13, 2024. Zoo Ga..._)

## Sports

### Barons

[AWAY] Birmingham Barons @ Tennessee Smokies (6/7/2024 at 6 PM)

[AWAY] Birmingham Barons @ Tennessee Smokies (6/8/2024 at 6 PM)

[AWAY] Birmingham Barons @ Tennessee Smokies (6/9/2024 at 1 PM)

[**HOME**] Pensacola Blue Wahoos @ Birmingham Barons (6/11/2024 at 6 PM)

[**HOME**] Pensacola Blue Wahoos @ Birmingham Barons (6/12/2024 at 11 AM)

[**HOME**] Pensacola Blue Wahoos @ Birmingham Barons (6/13/2024 at 7 PM)

[**HOME**] Pensacola Blue Wahoos @ Birmingham Barons (6/14/2024 at 7 PM)

### Legion

[**HOME**] Legion vs Indy Eleven (Sunday, June 9 @6:00 p.m. CT) [*Special Theme: Superhero Night*]

[**HOME**] Legion vs San Antonio FC (Wednesday, June 19 @7:00 p.m. CT) [*Special Theme: Juneteenth*]

[AWAY] Legion at Detroit City FC (Wednesday, June 26 @6:00 p.m. CT)

[**HOME**] Legion vs Louisville City FC (Saturday, June 29 @6:30 p.m. CT)

[AWAY] Legion at Charleston Battery (Friday, July 5 @6:30 p.m. CT)

### Stallions

[**HOME**] USFL CONFERENCE CHAMPIONSHIP VS MICHIGAN PANTHERS (Saturday, June 8, 3:00 PM ET)

### Squadron

The Birmingham Squadron are either currently out of season, or now in season but I haven't seen what the calendar looks like and consequently haven't written a scraper for it yet

---

Data last scraped 6/7/2024, 4:59:12 PM, taking 83.0 seconds. If I'm broken, ping /u/NotFlameRetardant and tell him he's a bad bot dad.
